Add user attribute documentation (#2439)
aws-amplify/docs: docs/lib/auth/fragments/android/user_attributes/40_resend_code.md

<amplify-block-switcher>
<amplify-block name="Java">

```java

> Amplify.Auth.resendUserAttributeConfirmationCode(
>     AuthUserAttributeKey.email(),
>     result -> Log.i("Code was resent", "Result: " + result.toString()),
>     error -> Log.e("Code wasn't resent", error.toString())
> );

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Amplify.Auth.resendUserAttributeConfirmationCode(AuthUserAttributeKey.email(),
    result -> Log.i("AuthDemo", "Code was sent again: " + result.toString()),
    error -> Log.e("AuthDemo", "Failed to resend code.", error)
);
```

```

</amplify-block>
<amplify-block name="Kotlin">

```kotlin

> Amplify.Auth.resendUserAttributeConfirmationCode(
>     AuthUserAttributeKey.email(),
>     { result -> Log.i("Code was resent", "Result: " + result.toString()) },
>     { error -> Log.e("Code wasn't resent", error.toString()) }

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Amplify.Auth.resendUserAttributeConfirmationCode(AuthUserAttributeKey.email(),
    { Log.i("AuthDemo", "Code was resent: $it.") },
    { Log.e("AuthDemo", "Failed to resend code.", $it) }
```

)
```

</amplify-block>
<amplify-block name="RxJava">

```java
RxAmplify.Auth.resendUserAttributeConfirmationCode(AuthUserAttributeKey.email())
    .subscribe(

>         result -> Log.i("Code was resent", "Result: " + result.toString()),
>         error -> Log.e("Code wasn't resent", error.toString())

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        result -> Log.i("AuthDemo", "Code was resent: " + result.toString()),
        error -> Log.e("AuthDemo", "Failed to resend code.", error)
```
